make this code well structured first , very well strcutred and kept together
cross check the code witht he theory and process below as well and make necessary changes.
the code needs a lot of corrections.

architecture 

U-net framework should have 3-D convolutional kernels to solve 3-D problems.
extra downsampling branch as the trunk network to process coordinate information, trunk decodes coordinate information into cell sizes, allowing its application across different computational domains.
(input to trunk here is not cooridnates but spacing info , which is discretization of cells basically)

The U-net architecture: a downsampling branch and an upsampling branch. 
Each branch - L levels of corresponding blocks, each block, there are two
3×3×3 convolution filters with an activation function. we use Gaussian error linear units.
 padding size of these two convolutional layers is 1 on each boundary, the step size
of convolutional kernels is also 1, ensuring that the output
dimensions remain unchanged after each block. We add an
additional residual connection within each block to maintain
the gradient flow from the input feature map to the second
convolution layer. This residual connection facilitates deeper
layers in the network to learn residual functions with reference
to the layer inputs, In the downsampling branch, there is a max-pooling layer
between two neighboring blocks of kernel size 2×2 × 2,. upsampling
branch is a transposed convolutional layer between each
block of kernel size 2×2 × 2, doubling
the size of the feature map in each dimension after each block.
Consequently, the output dimensions remain the same as the
input dimensions after U-net computation. 

The outputs of the two
downsampling branches are combined using the Hadamard
product at the bottle neck, which performs element-wise multiplication of the
corresponding values from the branch and trunk networks.
This operation maintains the dimensions of the input feature
map, ensuring alignment of the feature map shapes between
the corresponding blocks in the downsampling and upsampling
branches.

Finally, between the downsampling branch and the upsampling branch, there is a skip connection between the
corresponding block. skip connection directly copies the output from one downsampling
branch to the corresponding block in the upsampling branch.
This direct connection maintains multiple levels of features in
the training process.


each dataset , consists of multiple plane waves ( n = 20 ) superimposed and corresponding del x E is computed for reference. 
E = Summation i=0 to n of E0,i exp[−jki(xcosφsinθ + ysinφsinθ + zcosθ)]
32x32x32 cells computational domain discretised 
delta x and delta y and delta z cell dimension randing from 0.3-0.8mm 
for each dataset phi and theta randomly between -pi and +pi , 0 to pi respectively 
after etting phi nd theta , multiple values of k between 0 and 1048 ( n values of k between 0 and 1048 ) which result in a frequency spectrum gtom 0 to 50 ghz. 
amplitude of Ex and Ey are random between 0 and 5 for specific ki , and Ez is calaulted by 
ki·E0,i = 0 and 
Ez,i = −[cosφsinθ Ex,i + sinφsinθ Ey,i]/cosθ 

The U-net output, ∇D × E, was normalized by the local
maximum for each component. local max in the ground truth curl ∇ × E basically

A dataset of 1000 samples was generated to train with Adam optimizer over 1000 epochs, with a learning
rate set to 10−4 and a batch size of 32
80/20 train test
Each input dataset included two 3-D vectors representing the
coordinates and the corresponding E. 
Test mse loss is basically between the normalised output (∇D × E, was normalized) and correpsoning ground truth (∇ × E) so when training starts print epoch 1 by 1 till 1000 , the correpodning train mse loss and test mse loss. after trianing is done.
after trianing and saving pth and other things as we already do ,
run inference based on below , 
and calualte the MRE loss given by MRE =(1/Nx Ny Nz) . summation from i,j,k=1 to NxX,Ny ,Nz of (y subscript i,j,k upscript p − y subscript i,j,k upcript t)/y subscript i,j,k upcript t  if y subscript i,j,k upscript t not equal to 0 
 otherwise y subscript i,j,k upscript p if y subscript i,j,k upscript t is equal to 0
where y subscript i,j,k upscript t represents the analytical ground-truth data and
y subscript i,j,k upscript p represents the predictions from the DCO.

plot the inference for test case 
delta x = deltay = deltaz = 0.6 mm, θ = 45◦
, φ = 60◦
, and
k consisting of 20 values uniformly selected from 0.021 to
838.34, resulting in a frequency spectrum ranging from 1 MHz
to 40 GHz. ( this si the wave basically , present the plot with input E , analytical curl and predicted curl for x , y , z also plot MRE heatmap and difference heatmap as well with proper bars labels. 
